Update migration docs (#305)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/getting-started/migrating/configure-mac-settings.md

---
title: Fine-tuning MAC Settings for End Devices
weight: 5
aliases: "/getting-started/migrating-from-v2/configure-mac-settings"
---

MAC settings on {{% tts %}} are configurable per end device. See the [MAC settings guide]({{< ref "/devices/mac-settings" >}}) for instructions.

> {{< warning >}} Devices migrated from {{% ttnv2 %}} (The Things Network V2 or The Things Industries V2) are configured with an `Rx1Delay` of `1 second`, by default. 
> 
> In {{% tts %}} we recommend using an `Rx1Delay` of `5 seconds` for all devices to accommodate for high latency backhauls and/or [peering with Packet Broker]({{< ref "/reference/packet-broker" >}}). {{</ warning >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< warning >}} Devices migrated from {{% ttnv2 %}} (The Things Network V2 or The Things Industries V2) are configured with an RX1 delay of 1 second, by default. 

In all {{% tts %}} deployments, the recommend RX1 delay is 5 seconds to accommodate for high latency backhauls and/or [peering with Packet Broker]({{< ref "/reference/packet-broker" >}}). {{</ warning >}}
```
